---
layout: post
title: Journey 4
categories: Life
description: 2023 GitHubs Pages
keywords: 2023, Current, Plan, Past
---

# Journey Contd....

## Year 4 :


In the final stretch of my college journey, a pivotal moment unfolded as my father fulfilled a cherished wish – gifting me the latest MacBook Air. This gesture ignited a newfound passion for machine learning, prompting a deep dive into its intricacies. Armed with my sleek new laptop, I delved into the theoretical foundations, unraveling the inner workings of models.

Driven by aspiration, I embarked on a project that transcended my prior achievements. I trained a model with the goal of predicting problem areas in X-rays/MRIs, a venture that would consume the entirety of my seventh semester. The ambition reached its zenith as I envisioned presenting this groundbreaking project in front of the head of ISRO, culminating in the publication of a paper that would mark a milestone in my academic journey.

Simultaneously, I undertook exams like CoCubes, securing an impressive percentile above 90. This achievement translated into a flurry of interview opportunities. While some interviews proved elusive in the final rounds, a couple of offers materialized. However, discerning about my aspirations, I made the bold choice to decline these offers, holding out for a position that resonated more closely with my ambitions.

The stage is set for the grand finale of my college saga, where dreams of groundbreaking projects and the pursuit of the perfect career path converge.

[To be continued...]

